Add support for SSR (#1255)
withastro/starlight: docs/src/content/docs/manual-setup.mdx

### Use Starlight with SSR

Starlight supports [SSR](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/server-side-rendering/) out of the box using Astro's server adapters.

> Contrary to your own pages, documentation pages generated by Starlight are always prerendered by default regardless of your project's output mode. To opt-out of prerendering your Starlight pages, set the [`prerender` config option](/reference/configuration/#prerender) to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contrary to your own pages, documentation pages generated by Starlight are always pre-rendered by default regardless of your project's output mode. To opt-out of pre-rendering your Starlight pages, set the [`prerender` config option](/reference/configuration/#prerender) to `false`.
```

To match the wording from [Astro Docs](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/server-side-rendering/#enable-on-demand-server-rendering)
